So what what we're gonna do
is we're gonna ride around the gyratory.
which is like a giant roundabout, okay.
So it works the same way as a roundabout,
and it's a one-way system.
You can see from the sign there that it's a one-way system.
Which way do you think the traffic approach is from?
The right.
Yeah, it's the same as the roundabout.
So the traffic approaches from the right hand side.
So if you are joining the gyratory at any stage,
you have to check to the right before you join it, okay.
There's a few options here.
You can ride around the gyratory,
or you could use the bike path.
You see it's got the shared bike path there.
So if you're not comfortable riding on the road
with all this traffic,
you can ride on the bike path as well.
So there's a few options.
Just use the traffic lights as other road users would do so.
So if it's, you know, obviously, if it's green, it's go.
If it's red, it's stop.
When we ride around a traffic roundabout or this gyratory,
we like to ride in the middle of our lane.
And if you ride in the middle of the lane that you are in,
you are in control of that lane.
And it means that nobody can overtake you on the roundabout.
You're in a strong position
and it means that you're in control of your lane.
That's the best place to be in.
Yeah.
And you see traffic is giving way to the right.
So it's just works the same
as you would work with a normal roundabout.
He's in the middle of the lane, look.
In the middle of the lane.
Like just like he told us.
Yeah.
This case.
Oh yeah, he's stopping in the bike box.
Yeah.
Pedal ready.
Yeah, brakes on, oh.
And off he goes.
Oh, there he is.
Oh, he's going into a different lane this time.
He was in the middle.
Oh, he's trying to get out and around.
Ah, yes.
Yes.
There he goes.
And he's...
Checking over his shoulder a lot.